When the wind blows,
it's time to travel far.
The lighter the leaf,
the farther it will be blown.
Cencen.
Mom.
Let's go.
Sis.
I missed you so much.
Long time no see.
Why do I feel like you've lost weight?
I'm on a diet.
I look good, right?
Honestly.
Say hello to your aunt.
Hello, Aunt.
Xiaocen, you're getting prettier.
Thank you, Aunt.
All right, let's go.
Let's go.
Here, let me help you with your luggage.
No need, Aunt. I got it.
I'm fine.
Let Auntie help you with your luggage.
Let's go.
Come here, Cencen.
Take your medicine first.
Little Sis,
we'll be troubling you for the next few years we're here.
We're family. Don't be so polite.
Actually, Sis,
you didn't have to come all the way here.
With Xiaocen studying in Jingdezhen,
I will definitely take good care of her.
You know Xiaocen's condition.
She's been in poor health since childhood,
and has hardly ever traveled far.
She got into a university in Jingdezhen.
I just came with her.
Sister, are you hot?
Yes. Why is it so hot?
Come in. It's cool inside.
Give it to me.
Let me do it.
Xing.
Sister,
long time no see.
I've already prepared your room.
Xing,
you didn't even greet your Aunt.
How impolite.
No need.
Just stand there.
How are you doing?
Do you feel uncomfortable?
No.
I'm okay.
Give me the pillow.
Alright.
I'll go help your aunt cook.
You tidy up first.
Okay.
Qingying.
Sir, just stop here.
We're here.
It's so nice when there's no traffic.
Come on, Xiaocen. Get out quickly.
Careful getting out.
You have to watch for cars when crossing the street here from now on.
Your school is right across the street.
Thank you.
I have to say,
this school is quite large.
Right?
It's really nice.
I didn't expect this.
There are quite a lot of people.
It's very lively.
There's a river next to it too.
Yeah.
There really is.
There are quite a few clubs at your school.
Yes, look, there are several.
Xiaocen, do you want to take a look?
No need.
Joining clubs is a waste of time.
Focus on your main subjects first.
We can talk about this later.
Let's go.
Come on.
Xiaocen.
There are many snack shops to the north.
I heard they're pretty good.
You can try them when you have time.
What are you talking about?
Snack shop food is the most unhygienic.
Mom, Aunt.
I'll get going now.
Did you forget something again?
Did you set your alarm for your medicine?
I did.
Okay, don't forget.
I'm leaving, Aunt, Mom.
Bye.
Go ahead.
How do I wear this?
Just wrap it around.
I received the book from last time.
It's quite good.
Right?
How much is it?
Look.
Here.
I'll scan your code.
Okay.
Hello.
Is this seat taken?
Yes, it is. Sorry.
I'll sit over there.
This is it.
Let me play a round.
Sure.
Yan Xue.
Wait, Yuexin is sitting here.
Then where should I sit?
Anywhere is fine.
Seats haven't been assigned yet.
Hello, can I sit with you?
Sure.
Thank you.
Did you smell something weird?
I don't smell anything.
Am I imagining it?
You choose him.
Right?
This one looks good.
Okay.
Alright, everyone please quiet down.
I am your class teacher.
Now,
let's do something together.
Sitting in a circle
makes it less nerve-wracking, right?
My name is Liang Yiqing.
In the days to come,
I will serve as your
teacher for Introduction to Cultural Relics,
and your homeroom teacher.
So,
whether in your studies
or in your daily life,
if you have any problems or difficulties,
you can always come to me.
Okay.
All right.
Okay, now that you all know me,
it's my turn to get to know you.
Well then,
let's start with you.
Sure.
Hello everyone, I'm Wang Lin.
I'm from Fuyang, Anhui.
I really like archeology.
We are from the same hometown.
Hello everyone, my name is Li Zhuoting.
My name is Xiaoyi.
I am Wu Jing.
My name is Yan Xue.
I really, really, really
like porcelain.
I usually like watching Korean and Japanese variety shows,
and I also pay a lot of attention to domestic entertainment.
Skateboarding, skiing, and ice skating.
High jump, long jump, and skipping rope.
Just ask me if you need it.
I have dozens of secret
PDFs of celebrity gossip.
If anyone needs it,
feel free to ask me for the cloud drive link.
If you want to play murder mystery games or escape rooms,
remember to hit me up.
My name is Liang Juntao.
And I'm from Jiangxi.
Hello everyone. My name is Xu Xiao.
Nice to meet you all.
Thank you.
Xu Xiao is concise.
Good, very good.
Next student.
Hello, everyone. My name is Zhou Kai.
Hello, everyone. My name is Li Kun.
I'm from Shandong.
People there are honest.
I love eating wheat-based foods.
Right, yes.
Hello, everyone.
My name is Zhao Chen. I'm from Hebei.
So close, so beautiful.
Come to Hebei for the weekend.
Welcome to visit Hebei.
Next student,
please.
Hello everyone, my name is Zhao Xiaocen.
Zhao as in Zhao Yun,
and Cen as in Master Cen.
I wonder if you guys have ever done
an MBTI test.
I am an INFP.
So when you first meet me,
I might seem a bit nervous and quiet.
But deep down,
I really want to be friends with everyone.
I'm a good listener,
so if you have anything on your mind, you can come to me.
I want to be your friend.
Then I'll come to you often.
Good.
Very good.
Great. I just need a friend like this.
Okay. Next student, please.
Hello, everyone. My name is Lin Yuexin.
I don't know if you've ever taken
the MBTI test.
I am a protagonist, ENFJ.
I am extroverted
and I like communicating with everyone.
Someone who likes to help classmates.
If you have any questions,
you can come to me.
I'm the same as you.
Really?
Yes.
Mr. Liang, we are on the same wavelength.
I'm an ENTJ (Commander).
What about you?
Me too.
You too?
We are the same.
Where is it? Let me take a look too.
This one.
Class, class.
This topic,
if we keep talking about it,
we'll probably be here until dark.
All right, let's stop here for today.
Excuse me, classmate.
Classmate.
Hello, everyone.
My name...
My name is Zhao Xiaocen.
Sir.
I don't really know what to say.
Xiaocen might be a little nervous.
Let's give her a round of applause.
I...
It's okay, Xiaocen.
You're probably just too nervous today.
We can get to know each other later.
Please take a seat.
It's finally over.
Don't forget tonight.
The whole class is going.
Okay.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
Xiaocen.
What do you want to eat?
Yuexin.
Are you going to the party tonight?
A gathering?
Yes.
A notice was sent in the group.
Didn't you receive it?
What group?
You were absent during military training.
We created a class group back then.
I'll invite you in a bit.
Okay.
But
I promised my mom I'd go home for dinner tonight.
Then just tell your mom you're not going back tonight.
Yeah.
We're all going.
And it's our first time having dinner together.
Just come with us.
Okay.
This is it.
Looks pretty good.
Smells so nice.
Not bad.
Let's go.
Yan Xue, what are you doing?
Over here.
I got four dips.
Which one do you guys want?
Let me help you with that.
I'll go in first.
Okay, this is yours.
Here, let me hand out the chopsticks.
Here you go.
Here, hold this.
I really like that show.
It's also about cultural relics.
I want some, give me a pair.
Your chopsticks.
Give me a pair of chopsticks.
Yan Xue, hurry up.
The food is almost ready.
Hold on a second.
Yan Xue, stop working.
I want some.
Here.
Thanks.
Who doesn't have chopsticks yet?
Here, give it to me.
Give me another pair of chopsticks.
Is it not cooked yet?
No, it's not ready yet.
Wait until it's cooked before you add vegetables.
Should we eat the vegetables now?
I'll put it in for you.
Thank you.
Finally free.
Military training was miserable.
Waking up at five every day to fold those blankets.
They have to be folded into perfectly square
tofu blocks.
It's too hard.
Really, I didn't fold mine at all.
There's one more thing.
I'm not used to showering with everyone.
You all got tortured by military training,
while I
got tortured by Li Zhuoting.
Stop talking.
What happened to you two?
What's going on with you guys?
Every time the instructor brought the food out,
as long as he was there,
I couldn't get any meat.
Come on, eat.
Stop talking, just eat.
He steals food so fast.
As soon as he pounces on it,
if you look in the pot,
there's only soup left.
Stop talking nonsense, okay?
I'm not that dramatic.
It is that dramatic.
By the way, Xiaocen,
why didn't you join us for military training?
My mom got me a sick leave.
Sick leave?
What's wrong with you?
It's nothing serious.
I just had a weak constitution as a kid,
and I get heatstroke easily.
You can avoid military training with heatstroke?
Then I have heatstroke too.
Eat more.
Okay, come on.
Let's toast with soft drinks instead of alcohol.
Let's make a toast.
Come on.
Come on, cheers.
We've survived the hard days of military training.
Here's to our college years.
May everything go smoothly and happily.
And most importantly, may we love each other.
Definitely.
Okay.
Cheers.
Come on.
Cheers, cheers.
Cheers, cheers, cheers.
That feels great.
Move your stool forward.
All right, come on.
Let's talk about something else.
Do you remember
those late-night marches?
At 1 a.m.
I remember.
Emergency assembly.
I was exhausted.
Why are you so excited?
Cheers.
Is the pork fat?
Fat.
Okay.
I've booked a KTV room.
Watch me show off my singing tonight.
Let's go.
I'm telling you, I'll definitely sing 10 songs.
Yuexin.
What's wrong?
Tonight,
my mom is still waiting for me at home.
So...
Can't your mom make an exception?
If it really doesn't work out,
we'll just have to do it next time.
Yuexin, Yan Xue, let's go.
Okay, coming.
I'm leaving.
I'm leaving. Bye.
Bye.
I'm leaving.
Coming.
What song did you sing?
Let's go.
It's so slippery.
Hurry up.
It shows the night market is right around here.
Really? Check if you got the direction wrong.
Hello, sir.
I am heading towards the pinned location now.
I'm on this street right now.
I don't see you.
All right.
I'll call another cab.
Okay. Thank you.
Take a look at the porcelain.
Big ones for 15, small ones for 20.
Can you give me a discount?
Young man.
Look at the craftsmanship of this small one.
Look at the outlining.
Sir, you're so nice.
Blue-and-white porcelain.
Take a look at the blue-and-white porcelain.
Cup sets.
Cloud cup.
Sir, the price I just mentioned,
can you sell it for that?
Go ask around on this street.
You are Xu Xiao, right?
Hi, I am...
I remember you.
During the class self-introductions,
we were the only ones who just gave our names.
Where... where is this place?
Why are there so many stalls?
This is Taoxichuan.
It's the largest cultural and creative market in Jingdezhen.
Sir.
Xu Xiao, you're here.
Here's what you were looking for.
Thank you.
All good stuff.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
How much?
Same as before.
Okay.
You have to pay for these broken ones too?
They are broken porcelain pieces from the Ming and Qing Dynasties.
Then they are antiques.
Ancient porcelain
is also divided into folk kilns and imperial kilns.
These are broken pieces from folk kilns,
so the price is not very expensive.
Folk kilns.
Let's go.
Folk kilns and imperial kilns.
Miss, look at these porcelain decals.
They're pretty.
Well,
they are closing up.
I'll head back first.
See you at school.
Whatever you think is fair.
Buy a few.
Just don't give too little.
Okay, okay.
I'll take these two then.
Come again, beautiful.
Okay, okay.
Let's walk ahead.
How about there?
It's hard to get a cab here when the stalls close.
Where do you live?
Yuyao Jingxiang.
You can just take bus No. 13.
Follow me.
I'm here.
Wait.
I'm getting off at this stop too.
Let's go.
Why didn't you go
to the class reunion today?
I have my own things to do.
Besides,
we are not so close
that we have to eat together.
Aren't you worried
that you won't get along with others,
or being isolated by everyone?
Not at all.
If anyone isolates me,
I'll isolate them.
Well...
I'm here.
Okay.
I still have a few more stops.
I'll get off first.
Bye.
Why did I ride past my stop with her?
And these.
I thought we only needed clay.
The tools are so complete.
So well-equipped.
This is so much fun. Look at this.
Hurry up and wash your hands. Come on.
I think that one looks like...
There's so much paint.
Don't move around.
Be careful, be careful.
Wash your hands.
I can't believe there's a name like this.
Why are you two standing so straight?
I heard the teachers in our major are very strict.
Yes.
He often scolds the students so much that they dare not enter the classroom.
So strict?
Here he comes.
Welcome to the cultural relics restoration class.
My name is Yue Qixin.
Cultural relics restoration
is a technique.
Of course.
Some students already have a certain foundation.
But I believe
through this course,
you should achieve one, two,
or even more breakthroughs.
To have a newer
and more proper understanding of cultural relics restoration.
Come, bring the plates over.
Help yourselves.
Go.
Students who didn't get a plate,
pair up with those who did.
Form groups of two freely.
I don't have a plate.
Wang Lin, let's team up.
Absolutely.
Okay.
Then let's be a team.
What do we do now?
I have no idea.
What are we supposed to do?
We are a team.
Okay.
This looks really nice.
I don't really like this pattern.
Me neither.
This is so beautiful.
I'll team up with you.
Is that okay?